aimes the first president of the united
states albums Trekkie
i should know this one since we're
studying the presidency school and i've
been spending a lot of extra time there
lately haven't I see see remember the
first president was Santa Claus no the
answer is George Washington
hello
my dad made me visit my grandmother and
it was so boring
uh-huh I hear you that must be terrible
oh hey little girl really little dude I
hope you don't mind I've been in my room
playing guitar writing poetry just need
a little exercise wow you're really good
uh-huh I hear you that must be terrible
you think that's good watch this oh my
ankle
you poor thing here let me help you
upstairs see you later
where have you been
you're like getting home from school
because I was waiting for you to pick me
up how could you forget me again hey I
have a lot on my mind between shake it
up Chicago and my burgeoning Japanese
game show dancer career
there's a lot going on at Cece land
still open because I heard it's been
four years now look forget just tell me
that you picked up the gherkins and
gummy worms for crazy cookie day and
like you said you would you're putting
those in a cookie no no no sounds crazy
the point of crazy cookie day
well now it's store-bought cookie day
you forgot to get your ingredients how
could you
you owe me a huge apology fine I'm sorry
apology
you have some time on your hands
Nega dr. Flynn that's a fly followed by
a hurry on
hey babe miss me
you know camping in the woods on Friday
the 13th you hear a sound what do you do
run no her question you never go camping
on Friday the 13th next lesson on being
a real boy
you don't take notes you don't take
deuce
how many deuces do you know just open
the door it was up so rockin see see
here why do you love them how much candy
did you give it
I need to talk to them about the talent
show dude talent shows a totally lame
the only thing worse than a talent is
the emcee
I wonder what brainless fool got stuck
with that idiotic job this year that
would be me
hey good for you talent shows don't seem
like your kind of thing why not it has
the word talent in it